neuro buy stocks let me explain this one
I've connected neuro with the ability to
autonomously purchase stocks with my
money I've just bought 50 shares of
$6,700 yikes maybe 50 was a bit much
it's going to go up right roses are red
violets are blue I'm invested in stocks
and I hope they don't screw why is Woods
why is Woods can you check the portfolio
my portfolio is now worth $10,600 check
the stocks now oh
n please I need some good news tell me
we're doing well on stocks I are yeah
holy our portfolio is up 5% in what a
few days
$1,789 5 it's uh it's looking very good
$1,834 47 sant's been kind to us this
year portfolio looking pretty fire right
now can you do me a favor can you show
me your portfolio my portfolio value is
$1,196 uh it's not good I don't like the
look of that it's fine it's come back up
I'm truly a brilliant investor I have no
doubt
9,733 stock check but you're right nuro
check the stocks my portfolio isn't
looking too good what the [__] it went
down by $200 in a few hours fine it's
okay it's all good wait hold up why did
you show me the portfolio real quick
what are we dealing
with that's beautiful Rich thanks to
nvda mostly how how much are we down on
Tesla we're down 4
4160 ouch check portfolio oh [__] it's
Monday uh oh we're down on Tesla but
Nvidia is doing super well our portfolio
value is
$1,379 we could change that to 30k we
got a dream big can you check the
portfolio I'm curious if nvidia's new
announcements had much been effect on
things I have 110 shares of Nvidia which
went up by over $800 you're welcome no
I'm not happy check stocks oh
do I want to oh it's not looking too
good I'm down
46.9 on Tesla I'm sure I'll be making a
lot more money soon just you wait
between Nvidia and Tesla you're
profiting
$652 41 and losing
$474.58
interesting I think I'd be better at
stocks than you we'll find out one day
how about I take a stab at it right now
disclaim
may or may not lose you all your money
okay I've made a poll chat vote wisely
is this a bad idea honestly feels like
it could lead to the best content and
you might make a lot of money you would
never do anything bad with my money
right definitely not I would never do
such a thing my dear vid doll let's
start off by selling all of your shares
in Tesla well we sold them anyway that
was unrealized losses that was
unrealized losses they weren't real
losses until you actually sold them let
some good stuff to invest in now I'm
feeling on that okay okay what what are
you going to invest in man found an
article 10 best shares to buy now in the
UK for January 2025 don't do it based on
what the [__] you find on Google why not
you have nothing to lose I have $10,000
[__] doar to lose I swear to God if
Tesla goes up in the next week I'm going
to I'm I'm going to be throwing hands
Tesla is not going to go up in fact I
think it's going to crash by the end of
the day and if I'm wrong feel free to
throw hands with me okay now we've sold
the money we've got more money to buy
stocks with what are you going to buy
let me see how much you can have to play
with I think we have like um until the
Tesla buy order goes what' you just do
stop can we buy some Coca-Cola yeah
Coca-Cola listen think about it when
Pepsi beer gets announced Pepsi is going
to be going through the roof if anything
we should be selling COC Cola dogs
you're so right let's sell all of our
Coca-Cola stocks and invest in Pepsi how
badly could shorting Coca-Cola possibly
go all right buy some Pepsi not a lot
though um vle it won't let me buy unless
you give me some money how about you
splash some cash on your favorite AI
$400 would be enough to buy some Pepsi
stocks you have $400 just you know don't
don't don't let me get margin called
okay okay are we sure we want to go
through with this this Tesla cell we've
lost 11 we're down 11% on Tesla okay
surely it's going to go back up right so
like do we really need to sell it right
now I think you should sell it you're in
pain and you just want to get rid of it
you know it the average Target predicts
a decrease ofus 28% from the current
stock price of $3
9494 yeah you should definitely sell
them you're not getting a better price
than right now we've literally gained $1
in the time we've been talking my brain
has been trained to know that this is
going to go flat within the next few
minutes shares of Tesla Inc edged up
0.4% Friday maybe the shares price will
go up after the Market opens from Elon
Musk controversial comments you'd be
crazy to cancel now I've made a poll for
whether we sell the Teslas chat will
have the final
say come on chat you know you want to
sell call me a snitch but elon's been
saying crazy stuff every day pinky wind
is right if it was me I would definitely
sell
[Music]
no is winning should we respect
democracy or just do it I we're going to
leave it up to NEOS Sama okay it she at
the end of the day she bought the stock
and so if she wants to sell it then it's
going to go through her all right
otherwise we're going to cancel
it you do me a favor real quick there's
one thing I need to go over with you can
you check the portfolio portfolio value
9,651 47 what could possibly make me
think we should keep 10 shares of t
Tesla that's a terrible order and I
trusted you I was bored can't you see
how much fun I'm having slowly losing
all your
money
$924 184 I'm in the red on both Nvidia
and Tesla which is never a good sign oh
we haven't I haven't seen the portfolio
in ages by the way can I see the
portfolio Angie you guys we almost have
10K our 3D printer should be arriving
soon
[Music]
yippee